my love arrived to look at us
lalá noleto the great star of the night
It will be brightening the store tab
raising the party by brightening up our
city, it's good to have you here in
cachoeiro connected for receiving denied
so warm that good we are to
magazine read the magazine you want to know a
lots of things that are going on
put the gossip we will not tell
not the foquinha foquinha then look there
Who is a student letter only stays and are several
therapy sessions for the extensive exchange
I think it's a person there, we know.
that blog bomb
nelson blog is one thing that is in
another level as the idea of the
blog how long has a blog from 2007
nothing is thought nothing programmed was a
joke even in fact I always
I had a blog since I was little, let me
I have a computer but this blog that
there is today
in this format and is since 2007
with no specific purpose
created
I think the coolest blog too
The idea is that you come out looking for you.
you can travel as you would like
know the stores also with you
quite so I travel
pretty and for Brazil outside the
Brazil always looking and I think it's cool
this thing of meeting people gets into
contact with different people you
perceive the individualities of each
place to its peculiarities
I really like a curiosity
how many events per week does it depend
so macho that male april february
that this is a judgment usually has
three a day for a week but it's a
Average yes because because I have this time
of each period the works vary greatly
and has these times launch in stores
other times on the show he will he will
seasonal work such as fashion and how
that thing works because the look of
day is that everyone awaits your blog
so famous how does the
look of the day as you prepare you have
that team that prepares how it is
nor the sea alone in this way indeed
it depends on your little one but I what
in general I have a photographer
You for the looks I used, what I
I'm going to use it, I left it separate sometimes
The photographer went to my house and
Photographs out there the quality is better
act so you can reproduce from a
way a bit more professional more
detailed or sometimes not your boyfriend
even if it takes my mother to take the
my stepmother also helps and frustration
so it 's not a real thing even then
depends on the situation if I could take
with someone I shot cell phone and a
mirror
The important thing to register is not
and how long have you been blogging?
per day
how much time are you online seeing the
things to post by editing the photos as
and you do not have this account that is the day
all the best when you work in the
Thinking blog academy because I
I want to film it, I want to photograph it.
something to post on the blog when
I'm not waiting for anything
I'm on instagram is when someone is
match with mine or write some
text to send me later find the blog
It's so I would love you my life that I
I can not say how many hours of
work per day
It's because you have to have dedication without
I do not know what to do.
What do you leave for the girls to us?
You know there's a girl with everyone.
both never make a blog everyone
likes fashion to the advantage if she wore a
thing is run and say you leave
for those who want to create a blog today I think
that originality is always I think the
personality is what differentiates a blog
on the other you have your identity and it is
very difficult for you to create
her identity so I think it 's
this is the most important of the entity and
know how to write in a clear manner to
My style tip raises more than
330 thousand followers I also want one
kiss thank you very much to the law magazine
thank
Let's put this profile in the magazine.
pump is not
I want to see you in the magazine.
magazine kiss kiss on